# Ants

I have faulty wetware memory. As a way to keep myself historically accurate around various things that happen in our home, I'm going to make a post about the thing and just update it regularly.

Ants are one of these things. Living in Southern California (really, living anywhere in coastal California between the southern border with Mexico and north of San Francisco) comes with the cost of being on top of one of the [largest known ant colonies in the world (the Very Large Colony)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argentine_ant#Behavior).

I'm always curious to know when they show up in our home, but I always forget.

## 2018-07-09

I saw a scout when I woke up this morning, in the master bathroom.

When we went downstairs to get our day started, they were all over the food cabinet near the refrigerator. They were going after a months old open box of girl scout cookies that we never finished that were buried in the back of the cabinet.

Removed the offending girl scout cookies, about 2 hours later 95% of the ants are gone on their own. I've cleaned the scent trails that I'm aware of.

## 2018-07-10

Woke up to find a number of ants in the upstairs master bathroom. They're hanging around in one of the sinks. ??? No clue...

Still a few stragglers hanging around and scouting the downstairs of our place.

## 2018-10-22

Ants are back. Scouting around.

## 2018-10-24

They found some crumbs under the couch in the living room. Moved the couch, cleaned up, they're starting to disappear.

## 2018-10-29

What the hell. They're trying to move in to the house again. There must be over a thousand of them, out of no where, coming in from a crack at the front door and straight in to the office behind a display cabinet.

Moved the display cabinet, cleaned everything up. Put some bait traps outside of the house by the front door. There's only a handful of confused ants in the house at the moment. We'll see what happens.

## 2018-10-30

Success. No ants in the house.
